Add Markdown reference stub and document Codewars extensions (#62)
codewars/docs: content/references/markdown/extensions.md

---
kind: reference
topic: markdown
prev: /references/markdown/
---

# Codewars' Markdown Extensions

Codewars adds few Markdown extensions for writing kata descriptions.

## Sequential Code Blocks

When we have a sequence of code blocks like the following:

````markdown
```javascript
const add = (a, b) => a + b;
```
```typescript
const add = (a: number, b: number) => a + b;
```
```ruby
def add(a, b)
  a + b
end
```
````

Only the code block of the active language is shown.
So if the active language was TypeScript, the above Markdown outputs:

> ```typescript
> const add = (a: number, b: number) => a + b;
> ```

This is useful when showing examples.

> Note that the code block must have info string set to a valid language id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notes:
* The code block must have info string set to a valid language id. To find the language id, visit its documentation from the [languages page](/languages/).
* To avoid rendering errors, always put an empty line before and after the code block or the group of code bloks, while consecutive code blocks for different languages must not be separated with empty lines.
```

Author: Your suggestion looks good, but it includes the text from the next line so committing this will create duplicates.

You can comment on multiple lines by clicking the line number, then Shift+click the ending line. This way, you can suggest changes to multiple lines.

> Note that the code block must have info string set to a valid language id.
> To find the language id, visit its documentation from the [languages page](/languages/).

Author: ```suggestion
Notes:
- The code block must have info string set to a valid language id. To find the language id, visit its documentation from the [languages page](/languages/).
- To avoid rendering errors, always put an empty line before and after the code block or the group of code bloks, while consecutive code blocks for different languages must not be separated with empty lines.
```

## Conditional Rendering

> Similarly, conditional rendering based on the active language is supported with code blocks with info strings `if:` and `if-not:`.

Author: ```suggestion
Similarly, conditional rendering based on the active language is supported with code blocks with info strings `if:` and `if-not:`.
Just like code blocks, language specific blocks need an empty line before and after them or their group to be rendered correctly.
```

These are useful when adding language specific notes.

### `if:languages`

Content of the block is rendered if the active language is in the comma separated list of languages.

````markdown
```if:javascript,typescript
Shown _if_ the active language is JavaScript **or** TypeScript.
```
```if:ruby
Shown _if_ the active language is Ruby.
```
````

If the active language is Ruby, the above outputs:

> Shown _if_ the active language is Ruby.

### `if-not:languages`

Content of the block is hidden if the active language is in the comma separated list of languages.

````markdown
```if-not:javascript,typescript
Hidden _if_ the active language is JavaScript **or** TypeScript.
```
```if-not:ruby
Hidden _if_ the active language is Ruby.
```
````

If the active language is Ruby, the above outputs:

> Hidden _if_ the active language is JavaScript **or** TypeScript.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like code blocks, language specific blocks needs an empty line before and after them or their group to be rendered correctly.
```

Author: I'll include this at the top of the section instead.
